Disallow freeze format with pip list --outdated (#11482)
pypa/pip: news/9789.removal.rst

> Remove the ability to use 'pip list --outdated' in combination with "--format=freeze".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the ability to use ``pip list --outdated`` in combination with ``--format=freeze``.
```
